Update description for Investigation Mode (#9756)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/performance/retention-priorities/index.mdx

Our automated retention priorities work well in a generic manner to collect a baseline of samples because they prioritize retaining data that is valuable for any customer at any given time. However, there are certain scenarios, such as investigating a particular issue, when very specific data becomes temporarily more important. In such cases, sometimes the automated sampling priorities do not provide enough samples, so you may want to create investigation rules.

> Investigation rules are sampling rules that can be created through the Sentry UI to temporarily boost the amount of transactions collected for a particular scenario (for example, transactions with specific tag values, etc.). These rules can be created to retain more samples when too few (less than 5) are currently available. Once created, a rule remains active for up to 48h or until 100 samples are collected. You will be notified via email once the collection is completed.
> 
> Investigation sampling rules apply to transactions and do not guarantee sampling of full traces. A maximum of 50 sampling rules can exist simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Investigation rules are sampling rules that can be created through the Sentry UI to temporarily boost the number of transactions collected for a particular scenario (for example, transactions with specific tag values). These rules can be created to retain more samples when too few (less than 5) are available. Once created, a rule will be active for up to 48 hours or until 100 samples are collected. You'll be notified via email when enough transactions have been collected.

Investigation sampling rules only apply to transactions and don't guarantee that full traces will be sampled. The maximum number of sampling rules that can exist at the same time is 50.
```
